Given the outcome of  the 2016 presidential election, I would aim at exploring the answer of two most debated topics:
1) What would have happened if electoral votes were proportionally distributed in all states? 

This question could explore/answer:
a) The last 5-10 presidential elections
b) Different methods of distribution (e.g. d'Hondt , Imperiali, Droop, etc..)
c) How do states like Nebraska and Maine do it now?
d) How would this change the representation of low-populous & high-populous states in the democracy?
e) How else would this differ from the current system?
f) Could this be a realistic consideration for states in the USA, why?
g) campaign path to success for bypartisan teams

2) Are there better sources, than polls, to realistically predict the outcome of local and presidential elections?
This question could explore/answer:
a) How have the polls used in predicting the outcome of the POTUS election failed us and why?
b) Are there better sources/ predictors that could be used in the future?
c) Simulate last X presidential elections.



Given the outcome of  the 2016 presidential election, I would aim at exploring the answer of two most debated topics:
1) What would have happened if electoral votes were proportionally distributed in all states? 
2) Are there better sources, than polls, to realistically predict the outcome of local and presidential elections?

3)Collect Partisanship and Competitiveness Data
- all voting results in presidential elections since 1996 by district
- scale for alternating partisanship
- is rally is factor in presidential outcome?
- did trump and hillary hit the mark with rally?
- do candidates got o independence or to basis?
- visits vs air time vs spend


gerrymandering & alternating partisanship:
- all voting results by district since 1996 at state level for presindential elections
- determine durability of perties ( narrow to main bi-partisanship- quick check independent showing)
based on history, which states were/are swing states/ districts ? 

if identity polistics has been the same forever and no material population change then non-relevant
- elegible voters in 2020

